README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/hy4kyit2a/f_auto,fl_lossy,q_70/learn/modules/aws-pricing-models-and-support/discover-the-aws-cost-management-tools/images/772fa4bfbbcdfdba154d61ff07845675_6-d-0-bf-664-3-d-02-4-ab-4-acd-4-da-095-d-1-e-1-ffe.png" width="60" alt="accessibility text">
</p>

# AWS Budget Alarms

![tfsec](https://github.com/rribeiro1/terraform-aws-budget-alarms/workflows/tfsec/badge.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Terraform module that creates budget resources on AWS, also creates an SNS topic where you can subscribe to an email or lambda-function and receive the notification alarms.

## Usage

```hcl
module "budget_alarms" {
  source  = "rribeiro1/budget-alarms/aws"
  version = "0.0.3"

  account_name         = "Development"
  account_budget_limit = "5000.0"

  services = {
    S3 = {
      budget_limit = "100.0"
    },
    EC2 = {
      budget_limit = "1500.0"
    },
    RDS = {
      budget_limit = "3000.0"
    }
  }
}
```

## Doc generation

Code formatting and documentation for variables and outputs are generated using [pre-commit-terraform hooks](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform) which uses [terraform-docs](https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs).

Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform#how-to-install) to install pre-commit locally.

And install `terraform-docs` with `go get github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs` or `brew install terraform-docs`.

## Contributing

Report issues/questions/feature requests on in the [issues](https://github.com/rribeiro1/terraform-aws-budget-alarms/issues/new/choose) section.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | ~> 0.12.6 |
| aws | ~> 2.37 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | ~> 2.37 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| account\_budget\_limit | Specifies the budget limit for the account level | `string` | n/a | yes |
| account\_name | Specifies the name of the account | `string` | `""` | no |
| services | Map of AWS services to be monitored in terms of costs | <pre>map(object({<br>    budget_limit = string<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| budget\_alarms\_sns\_topic\_arn | ARN identification of the budget alarms SNS topic. |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## List of Services

> This list is not exhaustive, and new AWS services can be added in the future.

| Service Key                 | Description                                        |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| Athena                      | Amazon Athena.                                     |
| EC2                         | Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud - Compute".           |
| ECR                         | Amazon EC2 Container Registry (ECR).               |
| ECS                         | Amazon EC2 Container Service.                      |
| Kubernetes                  | Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes.   |
| EBS                         | Amazon Elastic Block Store.                        |
| CloudFront                  | Amazon CloudFront.                                 |
| CloudTrail                  | AWS CloudTrail.                                    |
| CloudWatch                  | Amazon CloudWatch.                                 |
| Cognito                     | Amazon Cognito.                                    |
| Config                      | AWS Config.                                        |
| DynamoDB                    | Amazon DynamoDB.                                   |
| DMS                         | AWS Database Migration Service.                    |
| ElastiCache                 | Amazon ElastiCache.                                |
| ELB                         | Amazon Elastic Load Balancing.                     |
| Gateway                     | Amazon API Gateway.                                |
| Glue                        | AWS Glue.                                          |
| Kafka                       | Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka.                |
| KMS                         | AWS Key Management Service.                        |
| Kinesis                     | Amazon Kinesis.                                    |
| Lambda                      | AWS Lambda.                                        |
| Lex                         | Amazon Lex.                                        |
| Matillion                   | Matillion ETL for Amazon Redshift.                 |
| Pinpoint                    | AWS Pinpoint.                                      |
| Polly                       | Amazon Polly.                                      |
| Rekognition                 | Amazon Rekognition.                                |
| RDS                         | Amazon Relational Database Service.                |
| Redshift                    | Amazon Redshift.                                   |
| S3                          | Amazon Simple Storage Service.                     |
| SFTP                        | AWS Transfer for SFTP.                             |
| Route53                     | Amazon Route 53.                                   |
| SageMaker                   | Amazon SageMaker.                                  |
| SecretsManager              | AWS Secrets Manager.                               |
| SES                         | Amazon Simple Email Service.                       |
| SNS                         | Amazon Simple Notification Service.                |
| SQS                         | Amazon Simple Queue Service.                       |
| Tax                         | Tax.                                               |
| VPC                         | Amazon Virtual Private Cloud.                      |
| WAF                         | AWS WAF.                                           |
| XRay                        | AWS X-Ray.                                         |

## Authors

Module managed by [Rafael Ribeiro](https://github.com/rribeiro1).

## License

Apache 2 Licensed. See LICENSE for full details.

Commit message:

Billing alert changes (#9)
* Add chatbot integration

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/cover.png" width="200">
</p>

# AWS Budget Alarms

![tfsec](https://github.com/rribeiro1/terraform-aws-budget-alarms/workflows/tfsec/badge.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Terraform module that creates budget resources on AWS, also creates an SNS topic where you can subscribe to an email or lambda-function and receive the notification alarms.

## Usage

```hcl
module "budget_alarms" {
  source  = "rribeiro1/budget-alarms/aws"
  version = "0.0.3"

  account_name         = "Development"
  account_budget_limit = "5000.0"

  services = {
    S3 = {
      budget_limit = "100.0"
    },
    EC2 = {
      budget_limit = "1500.0"
    },
    RDS = {
      budget_limit = "3000.0"
    }
  }
}
```

## Doc generation

Code formatting and documentation for variables and outputs are generated using [pre-commit-terraform hooks](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform) which uses [terraform-docs](https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs).

Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform#how-to-install) to install pre-commit locally.

And install `terraform-docs` with `go get github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs` or `brew install terraform-docs`.

## Contributing

Report issues/questions/feature requests on in the [issues](https://github.com/rribeiro1/terraform-aws-budget-alarms/issues/new/choose) section.

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | ~> 0.12.6 |
| aws | ~> 2.37 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | ~> 2.37 |
| local | n/a |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| account\_budget\_limit | Specifies the budget limit for the AWS account | `string` | n/a | yes |
| account\_name | Specifies the name of the AWS account | `string` | `""` | no |
| budget\_limit\_unit | The unit of measurement used for the budget forecast, actual spend, or budget threshold. | `string` | `"USD"` | no |
| budget\_time\_unit | The length of time until a budget resets the actual and forecasted spend. Valid values: `MONTHLY`, `QUARTERLY`, `ANNUALLY`. | `string` | `"MONTHLY"` | no |
| notifications | Can be used multiple times to configure budget notification | <pre>map(object({<br>    comparison_operator = string<br>    threshold           = number<br>    threshold_type      = string<br>    notification_type   = string<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| services | Define the list of services and their limit of budget | <pre>map(object({<br>    budget_limit = string<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| slack\_channel\_id | The ID of the Slack channel. To get the ID, open Slack, right click on the channel name in the left pane, then choose Copy Link. The channel ID is the 9-character string at the end of the URL. For example, ABCBBLZZZ. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| slack\_workspace\_id | The ID of the Slack workspace authorized with AWS Chatbot. To get the workspace ID, you must perform the initial authorization flow with Slack in the AWS Chatbot console. Then you can copy and paste the workspace ID from the console. For more details, see steps 1-4 in [Setting Up AWS Chatbot with Slack](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chatbot/latest/adminguide/setting-up.html#Setup_intro) in the AWS Chatbot User Guide. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| tags | Additional tags | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| budget\_alarms\_sns\_topic\_arn | ARN identification of the budget alarms SNS topic. |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## List of Services

> This list is not exhaustive, and new AWS services can be added in the future.

| Service Key                 | Description                                        |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| Athena                      | Amazon Athena.                                     |
| EC2                         | Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud - Compute".           |
| ECR                         | Amazon EC2 Container Registry (ECR).               |
| ECS                         | Amazon EC2 Container Service.                      |
| Kubernetes                  | Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes.   |
| EBS                         | Amazon Elastic Block Store.                        |
| CloudFront                  | Amazon CloudFront.                                 |
| CloudTrail                  | AWS CloudTrail.                                    |
| CloudWatch                  | Amazon CloudWatch.                                 |
| Cognito                     | Amazon Cognito.                                    |
| Config                      | AWS Config.                                        |
| DynamoDB                    | Amazon DynamoDB.                                   |
| DMS                         | AWS Database Migration Service.                    |
| ElastiCache                 | Amazon ElastiCache.                                |
| ELB                         | Amazon Elastic Load Balancing.                     |
| Gateway                     | Amazon API Gateway.                                |
| Glue                        | AWS Glue.                                          |
| Kafka                       | Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka.                |
| KMS                         | AWS Key Management Service.                        |
| Kinesis                     | Amazon Kinesis.                                    |
| Lambda                      | AWS Lambda.                                        |
| Lex                         | Amazon Lex.                                        |
| Matillion                   | Matillion ETL for Amazon Redshift.                 |
| Pinpoint                    | AWS Pinpoint.                                      |
| Polly                       | Amazon Polly.                                      |
| Rekognition                 | Amazon Rekognition.                                |
| RDS                         | Amazon Relational Database Service.                |
| Redshift                    | Amazon Redshift.                                   |
| S3                          | Amazon Simple Storage Service.                     |
| SFTP                        | AWS Transfer for SFTP.                             |
| Route53                     | Amazon Route 53.                                   |
| SageMaker                   | Amazon SageMaker.                                  |
| SecretsManager              | AWS Secrets Manager.                               |
| SES                         | Amazon Simple Email Service.                       |
| SNS                         | Amazon Simple Notification Service.                |
| SQS                         | Amazon Simple Queue Service.                       |
| Tax                         | Tax.                                               |
| VPC                         | Amazon Virtual Private Cloud.                      |
| WAF                         | AWS WAF.                                           |
| XRay                        | AWS X-Ray.                                         |

## Authors

Module managed by [Rafael Ribeiro](https://github.com/rribeiro1).

## License

Apache 2 Licensed. See LICENSE for full details.
